Here's what I eat in a week as a busy
girl.
[Music]
Hi guys, it's Ashley. It has been a
minute since I have filmed a video
honestly in this apartment. I feel like
I've only been in freaking New York City
for like 2 months out of the whole year.
I've been traveling non-stop, but I'm
finally here. So, let's show you guys
what I eat in an entire week. It's
already lunchtime. 3:30 p.m. I had a
degenerate morning. Where we jumping,
boys.
>> Hey, buddy. Go back to school, huh?
Yeah. Knock down. Killed his ass. Don't
touches my girlfriend.
>> Sausage, egg, avocado. It's full of
mayo.
>> And I got an everything bagel, tofu,
cream cheese, avocado, onion, tomato,
lettuce.
But basically, as you guys know, I am
always very, very busy. I do content
creation full-time. I also am the CEO of
a business, a matcha business. I'm also
a full-time older sister. I have eight
children. I also own a Michelin star
restaurant. So, it's very busy over
here. It is now midday. I'm going to
have my midday pickme up. I warmed up
some milk with some jasmine pearls. I'm
obsessed with jasmine tea. There's like
little jasmine flowers in here and I
just steeped it in some milk. Been
steeping for a while. So, now we're
going to make a matcha out of it. Guys,
the reason I am so busy is really my
matcha business. This is Nami. Takes up
literally 90% of my time, but I love it
and it is truly my passion, so I don't
even mind.
[Music]
Best matcha of my life. Jasmine plus
matcha is like the best combo in the
entire world. Anyways, it is getting
later in the day and tonight I'm having
my friends over for dinner. We are
making summer rolls and I need to go to
the grocery store and get all of my
ingredients together. So, let's go do
that.
Okay, guys. We are currently at the
supermarket. I am following a wild
little Yo, you just [__] rammed it
into the wood. Are you serious? Wild
little yo, my depth perception is off,
bro. I thought I was going to go further
than that.
>> Mini cucumber.
>> How many times did you bund those and
they turn into rotten mush in the
fridge?
>> Most of the time for the summer rolls.
>> Yeah, these are all looking really good.
>> Sliced carrot.
>> Shredded carrots. Not sliced. Cilantro.
My dad's least favorite food in the
entire world. That's going to be
>> cabbage. What did you just say? That's
going to be $20 per pound. It's probably
a 20 lb cabbage.
That's going to We can't afford this.
This is me before I moisturize. This is
me after.
>> Basil mint. One, two, three. Four.
>> Literally, stop.
>> Bro, they eat so much of this. While
we're in the grocery store right now, I
literally have a migraine. And you guys
know I get ocular migraines. I actually
haven't had one in like literally maybe
3 or 4 months. I think they're mostly
onset by stress or if I eat shiake
mushrooms. Very random. Got one right
now out of nowhere. lost a lot of my
central visions. I'm not vibing with
this right now. I feel like I literally
can't see anything.
[Music]
>> I'm on the verge of pissing myself.
>> What the [__] man?
>> When Ashley has to buy the meat for her
boyfriend when she has a migraine and
she has to pee, but she already invited
everyone over to her house for dinner
where she's going to have to cook the
whole thing. Bro, literally
help,
>> bro. I got in for vlogging. It says we
missed. Look at this. Oops. It looks
like an item was missed.
>> Come on, bro.
>> Go to I think we're just too many bros.
So,
>> okay. We're making my classic tofu by
slicing up firm tofu. And then I do soy
sauce, maple syrup, onion and garlic
powder.
[Music]
>> Yep.
>> Cheers.
>> Hey, chat. Why is there fireworks there?
>> Guys, this is beautiful. Wait, Ashley,
did you did you set this up for us? Yes,
I did this.
[Music]
>> Dark chocolate.
Oh,
>> yeah.
>> He'd always text me and be like, "You're
so cute." And I'd be like, "Oh my god, I
have a boyfriend."
>> E, your dead ass, bro.
>> Our dessert.
>> Yay.
is so divine. No sugar. Still very
sweet.
>> Yeah.
place of Greenpoint apps. They were
like, "Wait."
>> Mhm.
>> Radio Bakery with the girls. Tofu chili
sandwich. Cornbread. Best cornbread
you'll ever ever ever eat.
>> Alison got the same sandwich as me. And
then I got a heirloom tomato feta and
mint sandwich. Cheers. Cheers.
>> Cheers. M. It's pretty fire now.
>> It's so fire.
>> That is what I need.
>> Really good.
>> The flavor is amazing.
>> The most underground bakery in New York
City. I'm sure you've never heard of it.
It's called Radio Bakery. Remember had
the feta mint? I had the tofu. Tofu I
think was way better. That's like a 10.
It's like literally so freaking good. So
flavorful. Spicy. So flavorful. And then
the feta one pretty good.
>> Really delicious. Really fresh. But I
feel like it's missing something. Like
once I had a bite of that one, I'm like,
"Oh, Ashley's sandwich was so freaking
perfect."
>> Flavor explosion. So, this one, seven
and a half. Still really good.
>> Okay, Alison's been dying for us to try
these.
>> I feel like they're a 12 out of 10.
>> Brown sugar cornbread.
>> Oh my god.
>> What the hell is this even cornbread?
It's literally like
>> That's like the most decadent and
amazing cornbread I've ever had in my
life. The layer of sugar on top.
>> Is it a 12 out of 10, guys? Come on.
Yeah,
>> that's the best.
[Music]
>> Coconut matcha cloud.
>> I got a coconut matcha cloud.
>> Alison got iced Americano.
>> 10 out of 10. Iced Americano.
>> Do you like it?
>> It's good.
>> It's like a typical matcha coconut
cloud. It's like refreshing, but it kind
of just tastes like coconut water with
heavy cream on it. Pistachio cream and
regular matcha latte. Regular matcha
latte. It's good. It has like kind of
like a gas flavor.
>> This one's
This one's really good and nutty.
>> Okay, I'm home. And what do you have for
me?
>> The yummy steak.
>> Thank you.
>> It'll be my dinner.
>> Dinner?
>> Yeah, cuz I just ate lunch. I have to go
on three business calls in like 2
minutes. I'm running so late. I'm
freaking out. Mondays are Ashley's
holiday.
>> I have two Nami calls, one interview
about new YouTube features.
>> You guys love Ashley's new room that we
rearranged. Did you show them?
>> I didn't even mention it yet. I'll show
it in one second. 2 hours of calls
later. Yeah, I'm literally CEO.
Literally, as Kelly mentioned, my room
looks totally freaking different. So,
let me show you. Surprise. What the
literal heck is this? Kelly and I a
couple nights ago, literally at 1:00
a.m. were like, "What if we redo my
room?" Here's what it looks like. You
guys know it used to be over here. We
removed parts of like the sides of my
bed frame so it could fit in this little
corner. Uh
we are figuring out what's going on over
here. Desk in front of the window. Let's
go out into the rest of my apartment.
It's literally glorious and it's golden
hour and I need to clean up my kitchen a
little bit. But this is freaking
beautiful. Time to eat my Yummy Stick
dinner that Kelly got me. I get the
avocado yummy stick. Yummy stick is our
favorite sushi burrito place. It's
basically like Kimbop, like Korean,
except the interior is Japanese. And the
owners are Korean and they are the
nicest people in the entire world.
Cheers. I got the avocado yummy stick.
I have an ongoing debate with Py right
now that I can easily eat six yummy
sticks. And as I'm eating this right
now, I'm like, I can literally eat six
of them. And I said if I was like really
competitively eating 8 to 10 and if it
was life or death, I could eat 12. And
nobody believes me. Kelly's whole
family, they didn't believe me. The only
thing that's stopping me from not eating
12 yummy sticks is literally pure
dedication. Like, I have to hold myself
back. You know what I'm saying? So,
nobody freaking believes me. Freaking
beasted. I need five more right now.
>> Mini bowl of mini wheats. I'm just
craving cereal.
[Music]
I woke up so hungry this morning. So,
we're going to put together a really
simple plate of chia pudding. I prepped
this bowl of chia pudding a couple days
ago. It's literally just chia seeds and
then this high protein soy milk that I
got. So, it's been resting in the fridge
for a while. It's nice and thick now.
Now, I'm going to rinse some berries.
Blackberries, raspberries, cherries, and
then I have some blueberries that I
already washed.
[Music]
Cheers.
Oh my god, it's still recording. I'm
freaking watching cats react to T McCra.
Now heading to Pilates.
>> Oh, hell no.
>> I'm home from Pilates. I just ate an
amount of Dubai chocolate that has made
me feel ill. I also just went to HMart.
I grabbed some Shine Musket grapes. $14
worth of grapes, which is crazy, but I
love these grapes. So, I definitely need
to make a matcha with it one of these
days. Let's rinse it as a little snack
as I prepare my lunch. These grapes are
very popular in Korea and beverages, ice
cream, everything. Today, I am making
sulma noodles. And in Korean, sulma
means, is this even real? Like, these
noodles are so good. Is it even real? Is
it even possible?
[Music]
Okay. Now, for the sauce, we are going
to use 1 tbsp of honey, 1 and 1/2 tbsp
of soy sauce, and 1 tbsp of sesame oil.
We also need garlic. So, I'm going to
set this aside.
[Music]
add our soba and mix it all up. You're
also supposed to add seaweed into it,
but let's try it before we add any
seaweed. Cheers.
>> What the hell? It's so spicy.
>> Damn, that's spicy.
>> Minion seaweed.
[Music]
>> This is my first time having it, by the
way.
>> I don't think I've ever heard of these.
They're popular on television. Seaweed
on the bowl does look crazy. M. What the
heck is a real H.
What do you think? Yep. Yep. Okay. The
Sharpie flavor is still there. Like
marker marker flavor. And the other half
is really yummy. Like garlic, seaweed,
soy sauce. I feel like it's not supposed
to taste like that. It's still pretty
good, but it has like really strong
flavors that I don't think are
intentional.
>> Yeah, I think I should have used
different noodles. And then the honey I
use is like really organic like strong
honey. I literally think it's going to
take 2 days for the garlic flavor to
come out of my mouth. Matcha time. One
because I want matcha and two because
I'm fearful that the garlic breath is
going to be irreversible and something
needs to be done about it. I always like
to do half soy, half oat. Adding our
matcha. Oh, there's not enough room for
it. Ah, it's spilling it.
M
I used my yummy ceramic, but I'm
actually drinking our okumadori matcha
today. And we're going to have a little
dessert. Pastella bread. Cheers. An
amazing combo. Time for me to get ready
for our dinner and also do some emails
and work.
[Music]
I picked up Amber's bag to see what's in
her bag. It's 100% empty except for one
lip gloss and a portable charger.
Do a little spin queen. Showed them the
fit. Hey, so cute. Here's my outfit of
the day. I got this in Korea. I forgot
the name. It's like 8 seconds or
something. I'll put on screen. Damn
matter. My freaking tabies. They're
destroying my feet. Then Warhead is from
outer space. Boom. Get roasted. Sunny
Studios. Majuri. And then this is Mar
Sherwin. I'm wearing a very Korean
outfit low key.
>> And all the funky pieces are from Damson
Matter. The jeans, everything.
>> Rainy Milville, Steve Madden. I bite
right.
>> Let's go. I'm Amber's plus one.
>> Think it was freaking Lubu.
>> I've never opened a real lamboo. I only
have loos. I want the orange one or the
green one.
>> All right. Three, two, one.
>> Pull out. Hold up.
[Laughter]
We can
>> Oh my god, I love the wood.
[Music]
>> Okay, we just had pasta. I forgot to
film it. Oh my god, I ate it off.
>> Oh, you're going to show your pasta that
you ate for dinner. I'm unsubscribed. I
can't trust you anymore.
[Music]
Post-workout. I am having a Koa vanilla
bean protein shake that I freaking
brought from my house and put it in my
bag. Why? Because it's like my favorite
protein shake. But also, I want to go
like do some work at a cafe right now
and the cafe doesn't have any food food.
So, I'm prepared. Now, I'm going to go
get a pumpkin spice latte.
[Music]
working on Nami Nomi Nomi and every day
I'm like, "Oh my god, I need to do so
much like YouTube stuff." And then page
stuff.
Look at my freaking homepage. What is
this perhaps? What is this secret? I'm
home. I just took a shower. I'm running
so behind. I'm supposed to film a
YouTube video. I have to take a couple
calls randomly and then I have an event
soon. So, I'm just eating my leftover
noodles for lunch since I am starving.
So, it's literally just soba, soy sauce,
sesame oil, and a little pinch of maple.
Tastes way better than my garlic noodles
from yesterday.
Okay, getting ready for my event
tonight. It is in fact a Dior event, so
I'm going to little cocktail hour at
their new House of Dior that's opening
in New York. He sent me a little gift.
It was like I'll show you actually. I
put on my back. Look at this little bee.
So cute. It's like a little trinket. Put
it on there. I have to go choose my
outfit. Here is my outfit for the event.
I'm wearing a little Dolce Vita flats.
My entire outfit is from my friend
Michaela's brand called Twe Lum. She is
in fact an amazing designer. How
beautiful is this shirt? It's like
literally so insanely gorgeous. The
shorts are from there as well. Then of
course I have my bag from Dior and a
jacket that I literally freaking
thrifted. Vintage Christian Dior jacket.
Are you serious? So that's the vibes for
tonight. Let's head out. Protein bar
time. Try not to eat too many protein
bars if I can help it. But when I'm in
need of eating it, they are pretty
freaking fire. I actually eat granola
bars all the time. Oatmeal chocolate
chip flavor.
>> Fanciness, huh?
>> The first thing that I've eaten here is
a raspberry tart. Cheers.
M.
>> Okay, chocolate time. I'm only going to
eat half. You can have some. Cheer. Wo.
Is it fire? It's exploded in the flavor.
>> Really, bro? Wait, it's spicy. Wait,
it's actually really spicy. Or I'm
having an allergic reaction. There is a
lot going on in here. Wait, there's like
literally cayenne pepper in it.
Hey,
>> are we allergic to this? But it was good
though. Pretty good.
Next time
I'm home and I changed out of my outfit
and I'm freaking starving to the point
where I'm like feel like I'm tweaking it
out. Today has not been so good on me
eating good meals because literally all
I had was protein smoothie, random bowl
of noodles, granola bar, pumpkin spice
latte. I need to make dinner, but I'm
also so tired that I'm going to make a
really easy dinner. We are going to have
some Korean black beans. So, basically,
you just need a can of black beans.
Then, we're going to wash and strain
them. The beans are washed, so I'm going
to put it in some Tupperware. Then, as
I've been doing for literally every
single recipe in this video, we're going
to add some soy sauce, sesame oil, pinch
of agave, and some garlic powder.
Pulling out the soon tofu. Just like
really soft tofu.
[Music]
Little bit of chili oil and all the same
spices as the bean. Maybe it's the
Korean in me, but like garlic, sesame,
soy sauce, a little bit of sweetener.
It's literally the best thing ever. Give
it a little chop. I just eat it cold.
Cheers.
Like, it's actually divine. Wow.
Whenever my sister and I make rice, if
we have any left over, we will freeze it
so that we have like these perfectly
microwavable rice portions going in the
microwave for about a minute and then
I'll check on it. Rice is perfect. I'm
going to add that to the bowl. I'm also
going to do some kimchi and some taan
radish aka daon. Guys, I'm sorry I have
to do it. Everything but the bagel
seasoning going on the rice. And this is
what you call a Korean American meal. I
feel like it's missing a little bit of
sauce, and I'm a sauce girl. So, in my
dirty bowl, I'm going to whip up a
random AF sauce. Okay, let's use some
goujang. Go jang. Miso paste, garlic
powder, agave, and sesame oil. No soy
sauce cuz I feel like the miso is
already kind of salty. Final paste. Try
it. Wow. Add the sauce also on the rice.
And here is my finished bowl. It looks
freaking amazing. Cheers.
M. Loki. The beans are the best part.
I'm going to chow down on this and
probably have some fruits and maybe ice
cream for my dessert.
Good morning. All right, guys. Today I
woke up early because I want to do like
a full clean of my house. I'm making
quick matcha. I'm going to make a
classic usucha aka I'm preparing matcha
in the traditional Japanese way. Just
simply with water and whisk it.
I'm using our okumadori first harvest
matcha. This one I really like if I'm
having like plain just because it's a
little bit more floral. So, I feel like
it tastes more like tea undertones. Now
that I've whisked it, I'm going to add
some more hot water. This is at about
like a 165 and anywhere between 140 to
176. Supposed to be like that good range
for matcha. Ta. Cheers.
This is my favorite way to drink it when
I'm like, I need an energized morning.
pure clean energy with no crash and lots
of antioxidants and elanine so you don't
get jitters. And then I'm going to clean
my freaking room and I'm going to feel
amazing. So that's what I'm doing right
now.
[Music]
Finally, it's breakfast time.
Breakfast is served. I made a very cutie
bowl. This is an Allison bowl, by the
way, from freaking Ali Wong. Period. We
have chia pudding with bananas, white
peaches, pistachio, cherry, honey, and
hemp seed. I feel very whimsical with
this breakfast bowl. So, let's dig in,
shall we?
[Music]
I changed my outfit. I am wearing a
little mock neck, my Levis Dolce Vita
shoes. We're actually going to a Levis's
event right now, so I'm very excited.
going to a gifting suite. Every year
we've been invited to Levis's one. It's
like really the only one we go to once a
year and it's so nice and they literally
just give us freaking pants. I got these
from here last year. I think I bought
these ones myself, but they are from
Levis's.
Cheers.
[Music]
[Applause]
We're leaving. I got a scone. It was
like a peach vanilla scone.
>> Show me your little haul.
>> We got literally every pair of jeans in
the freaking world.
>> Including a bunch for Kelly, Pono, and
Andrew
>> and our mom. They're literally so nice
in there. They were like, "You should
get some for your mom. You should get
some for Pono. What about Andrew? What
about Kelly?" I'm like,
>> "Thank you, Kristen. Thank you, girls.
>> Thank you, God.
[Music]
Amber loves sosa. We got some Filipino
food from these stands right here. This
is manganesea, which is a sweet sausage.
Deserly the best food in the world.
>> Okay. And then I got some ube to
cheers.
>> Love that stuff.
>> It's plantain and ube.
>> The ube is crazy with it.
[Music]
Now we're about to go get some ice
cream.
>> Their dark chocolate one is so good.
Cotton candy is fire. Hazelnut is fire.
>> Cotton candy and hazelnut. I always get
the strawberry and then honey almond
yogurt. If I don't get this, I get their
dark chocolate and it's so good.
>> What do you get, Luke? I got a cone.
[Music]
We went to go to a fashion show, but we
were 1 minute too late. So now we are
waiting outside.
[Music]
>> Yeah, that's actually good.
>> It's a little grittier.
>> I feel part of it, but it's okay. I
missed the fashion show, but it's okay
because we are eating an awesome
breakfast now.
[Music]
Cheers.
>> Wait, did you just get Cindy with the
egg
[Music]
>> chugging challenge
>> recording live from the hat? My second
time going in this video. Why? Because
I'm freaking obsessed. We have our kale
tea. And then I also got the coconut
mango blue. That looks insane.
>> Spirulina mango. Boom. It tastes
probably freaking amazing.
>> Give me that.
>> There are chunks of real mango in this
that are like the most ripe and soft
ever.
>> So good. M. Wow. These are freaking
amazing. And for dinner, we had Indian
food and it was so good that I'm
literally craving it currently while
editing this video. Anyways, guys, thank
you so much for watching. I hope you
enjoyed seeing what I eat in a week. If
you want more videos like this, let me
know. And I will see you guys next time.
Bye.
[Music]